--- frame: https://suzuri.jp/yumifuri-observatory/19060190/thermo-tumbler/360ml/silver
Create goods for yourself
Sell in shop
法人ノベルティをつくる
Log in
Hello!
Settings
Create goods for yourself
New!
Goods (for myself)
Create as many as you want from 1 piece!
Sell items
Goods (for sale)
T-shirts and more than 50 items.
NEW! Create a shop card to promote 
Silk screen items
Vivid colors and high quality printing.
Commission
Get a commission and make an original work.
Digital products
Images, audio, and various other digital data.
Bookmarks
Purchases
Sold
Earnings
Analytics
Sales
Coupons
News
Account Settings
Log Out
【公式】弓降岳天文台ストア
Find similar items
Glossy prints with a three-dimensional feel
Just the right size at 360ml
Maintains optimal temperature for a long time, both hot and iced
Can also be used as a cup holder
View images in 3D/AR
だーくまちゃん タンブラー

Thermo Tumbler

1K
Sale price
4,147 JPY3,647 JPY (Tax included)
Color
Silver
Add to cart
 Time to end of sale : 66時間 10分 55秒
Bookmark
Send as a gift
Accepted payment methods
At the earliest, 5 days to deliver (Excluding weekends and holidays) * Shipping days in Japan
About this design

弓降岳天文台の公式キャラクター、「だーくまちゃん」のかわいいタンブラーが登場！

Tweet
Embed
Report
Size and Details
capacity (ml)	Diameter (mm)	Length (mm)
360	85 ( Mouth )	105
Fabric
Stainless steel
Delivery and Print
Shipping cost：Flat Fee(Tax included)
Nekopos（YAMATO TRANSPORT） 310 JPY
Hikyaku Express（Sagawa Express） 790 JPY

※ Nekopos（YAMATO TRANSPORT） can use only when purchase up to 50 stickers, up to 2 sacoche bags, up to 30 can badges, 1 note, 1 towel handkerchief, 2 reusable bags and 2 Socks and 1 flat pouch


At the earliest, 5 days to deliver (Excluding weekends and holidays) * Shipping days in Japan
The day required for shipping is approximate. It does not promise reliable shipment
Designation of shipping date is not received. Since shipment may be delayed, thank you for your order with plenty
It’s completely made to order. In the event of a shipment delay or cancellation of your order due to customer convenience, we can’t accept returned goods or exchange
Printing Notice
These are sample images. It may differ from the appearance of the actual product
Colors may differ from the actual product due to monitor settings.
During printing, colors may change due to the conversion from RGB colors to CMYK colors
Due to the nature of printing, it may not be possible to reproduce detailed designs, transparent designs, or blurred designs
WARNING
Depending on the size and shape of the take-out cup, it may not be able to be used properly as a cup holder
Immediately after the product arrives, there may be a lingering odor peculiar to ink, but this will lessen over time. If this bothers you, please wash and dry the product well before use
Before use, clean the product well with a mild detergent.
When bleaching the inside of the main unit, do not use chlorine bleach. Do not use chlorine bleach to bleach the inside of the main unit, as it may cause the paint to peel off
If the printed area is rubbed or scratched, the paint may come off
After use, wash with a sponge dipped in neutral detergent and wipe dry. Do not use scrubbers or polish as they may cause scratches
Condensation may occur due to the temperature difference between the beverage and the product.
Do not leave drinks in the bottle for long periods of time. It may cause decomposition or alteration
Do not place the product on an unstable surface. Drinks may spill, causing burns or staining of objects
Do not disinfect by boiling
Do not leave the product in water, wash it whole, or soak it. It may cause rusting
Do not add soups that contain salt, such as miso soup
Do not use in microwave ovens, ovens, or freezers
Do not use dishwasher/dryer
The product may be damaged if dropped or subjected to a strong impact
Do not place near fire or in high temperature areas.
Do not use the product for any purpose other than its original intended use
Keep out of the reach of small children
It may leave a pre-treatment agent on the surface.
Rubbing the pre-treatment agent with a sheet containing alcohol components or the like may cause damage to the print
If you shake the unit, it may make a noise, but this will not affect the heat and cold retention effects
Also available on
View this design 
【公式】弓降岳天文台ストア
長野県端白村にあるちいさな天文台、弓降岳天文台の公式ストアです。公式キャラクター・ダークマターの「だーくまちゃん」グッズを販売しています。 【ご注意】期間限定グッズは品切れにつき、掲載を取りやめております。
全てのThermo Tumbler
アイテムレビュー

この商品がピンとこなかったら、どんな感じか言葉で教えてくれたら、ボクがもっと探すヨ

チャットで探す
SUZURI  Sundries  Thermo Tumblers  だーくまちゃん タンブラー Thermo Tumbler
SUZURI  【公式】弓降岳天文台ストア  だーくまちゃん タンブラー Thermo Tumbler
Color
Silver
Black
White
Size
Share
Tweet
Choose how to send
Send by link
Even for recipients whose address you don't know, just send a URL. The recipient chooses the size and delivery address.
Send to a specified address
For recipients whose address you know. You choose the color and size, and they simply receive it.

Create

どこでも買える、
どこでも作れる。
Share:

❤️from Shibuya, Tokyo
 
Services
SUZURI Novelty
Log In
Sign Up
Help & Guidelines
News
Help
FAQ
Media Coverage
Maintenance and Outage Information
Terms
Guest Terms
Legal Information
Advertising Policies
Privacy
Security Guidelines
Jobs
About costume provision
About large order
For Creators
Sell your own items
Easy design editor app
Templates
Brand Assets
SUZURI API
SUZURI MCP
Shop Card Maker
SURISURI Land
Streamer Magazine
キリトリセン
Follow Us
 LINE
 Instagram
 X